The client as stated is The Gaming Room. They have a game app called "Draw It or Lose It" that’s currently only on Android. They want to expand this game so it can be played on other devices, like computers and tablets. The new version should let players form teams and be able to guess pictures together. Also, the client want the players to have unique names in the game.
In developing this document I think I did a good job explaining how the game works and what the client needs. I made sure to clearly outline the requirements and different platforms we considered for the game.
Working through the design document helped me organize my thoughts about how the game should work. It made it easier to see what features we needed to include and how everything connects. This way, I could be able to understand and explain to the rest of the team exactly what I am wanting to produce.
If I could change one part of my work, I would make the “Recommendations” section clearer. I’d add more examples of why each platform is a good choice. Doing this would be easier for the client to understand why we picked those options.
I figured out what users want by thinking about how they would play the game. Including features like team names and guessing time limits makes the game more fun! It’s important to think about what users need because if the game isn’t fun or easy to use, people won’t want to play it.
When designing software, I started by listing all the features we needed for the game and how they should work together. In the future, I would use diagrams to show how everything connects, which could help everyone see the big picture of what we aim to accomplish more easily.
